Hi, my name is Mia Cox. I'm a senior at Kipp Sunnyside High School, and I recently found out that I will
be attending Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania, which is my dream college, so I'm very excited.
So I attended the International Space Settlement Design Competition once before 11th grade,
and then I attended the regional competition twice in 9th and 10th grade. And the international
competition is one of my greatest high school memories, experiences. Going into it I was very
intimidated, very nervous because I felt so unprepared when I was in the regional competition,
but going to internationals makes it all worth it because there's a greater emphasis on teamwork
and building friendships. There's so many people from all over the world, and we have to learn
from each other despite any language barriers or cultural barriers or barriers of understanding.
And it was very fun, and I made so many friends, and so I 100% recommended. And then initially,
I didn't really know how to answer this question because I'm going to major in psychology or
sociology and then go down a criminology path. And I was like, how did the competition really
impact that? Then I remembered every year I participated in the humanities group, and if
not for COVID, I would have been able to run as a director for humanities. And I realized that
putting myself in that group, there's so many books from the library I had to read. So researching
more about humans and what we would need to survive and really taking that into account,
something that we just do day by day and not realize, plus the aspect of, in the international
competition, learning so much from so many different people made me love humanities so much more. And
so I'm really appreciative of the competition. I made so many friends. I've met so many interesting
people, and now I'm to attend my dream college and study something I'm very passionate about.
So thank you for listening, and thank you for the great experiences I was able to have
through the competition.